In this clip we'll move down to the volumes that store our
data or our secured boot or alternate drives,
this is the Elastic Block Storage, how do we set these up?
What are some of the security options with these volumes?
Elastic Block Storage, the data volumes are unformatted block devices.
Just before you get to use them they're wiped to ensure
that they're clean and ready to go.
You give them a name, you decide the interface,
and then you create a file system on top of the volumes.
So you can decide on the number of _____,
how you want to link them together on a particular server,
and away you go.
So the customer creates the file system on the EBS volume.
The access to the volumes is restricted to the account that created
the volume and IAM can be used to grant access.
Now we can also do snapshots, a snapshot,
a block level view of the entire volume at a specific point in time.
And we can make it publically available if we wish to other AWS accounts.
Now you want to be careful, of course, but there is some built in security.
If I share a snapshot this doesn't allow the other accounts the
ability to alter or delete the original snapshot,
they just are granted access.
When I'm doing snapshots,
they start off as an EBS volume before their
snapshotted and they head over to Amazon S3.
They head over to a bucket.
Now they're not directly accessible, i.
e.
the snapshots in the S3 console,
but the snapshots are accessible through the management
console or you can use the command line interface if you've
got that installed for complete control,
highly recommended, by the way.
Best practice,
set up a schedule for manual replication to a different region for safe keeping,
because when you create a snapshot, it's stored in S3,
but it's in the region where you're located.
Now when we focus on the security aspects of EBS,
data stored in the volumes, well it's redundantly stored in multiple locations,
within the same availability zone, but not across multiple zones.
So multiple physical locations, multiple data centers,
and there's no additional charge for this,
this is just how EBS is set up with a level of redundancy.
So we've got the data with multiple copies,
we have snapshots to make copies of EBS when we deem it's necessary.
So for best practices, save those snapshots to S3,
replicate your data across multiple availability zones,
and this is a manual administrative task at this point,
encrypt your data in transit and at rest.
So if you want boot volumes that are encrypted,
other volumes to be encrypted, entirely possible.
You can use a number of options for the encryption,
you can decide to use the operating system that you've installed,
if it has that feature, you can also use the encryption that Amazon provides,
the Amazon EBS encryption service,
and you can also use a variety of third-party products.
If you're familiar with a product and you want to use it,
if it runs in the VM, you can do it.
Now think about this, I've got a volume,
it's encrypted, it's attached to an instance that supports encryption,
Windows, Linux, yeah they support encryption don't they?
Where's the work done?
The data stored at rest in the volume, the I/O of the disk,
and the snapshots create from the volume are all encrypted.
So it's controlled by the instance, once we've turned on the encryption, this is the Amazon encryption, then in transit and at rest are controlled.